README.md, before:

# Capistrano::LocalFile

Local file SCM provider for Capistrano v3

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano',  '~> 3.1'
gem 'capistrano-scm-local-file', '~> 0.1', :github => 'peterjmit/capistrano-scm-local-file'
```

## Usage

Require the library in your Capfile

```ruby
# Capfile
require 'capistrano/local_file'
```

Set the `repo_url` variable as the path to your file/archive containing your
application (currently only files with `.tar.gz` extensions are supported)

```ruby
set :repo_url, 'my-awesome-app.tar.gz'
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## LICENSE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Fix readme for auto-loading issue (#1)

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::LocalFile

Local file SCM provider for Capistrano v3

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano',  '~> 3.1'
gem 'capistrano-scm-local-file', '~> 0.1', :github => 'peterjmit/capistrano-scm-local-file'
```

## Usage

__DO NOT_ require the library in your Capfile (capistrano handles loading the 
plugin automatically when you set `set :scm, :local_file`)

Set the `scm` attribute to `:local_file` and  `repo_url` as the path to your 
file/archive containing your application (currently only files with `.tar.gz` 
extensions are supported)

```ruby
set :scm, :local_file
set :repo_url, 'my-awesome-app.tar.gz'
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

## LICENSE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
